QA Guild Monthly-20260415_120359-Meeting RecordingApril 15, 2026, 10:04AM41m 59sKostiantyn Teltov started transcriptionKostiantyn Teltov   0:04Uh, hello everyone, like we have like...Like, usually, like months like your guild, and today I believe it will be very interesting topic, so Wojciech volunteered to present his data AI stuff, what he was working on, and we can talk in general about like possibilities, what we can do, like how we can improve our job.With, yes, I know with AI, and Wojciech I can pass forward to you.Wojciech Szymaniec   0:36Okay, good. Let me know when you see my screen.Klaudiusz Serafin   0:41Hello?Kostiantyn Teltov   0:42Aho.Okay, we can.Joanna Onak   0:45It's visible now.Wojciech Szymaniec   0:49Okay, good. So let's go ahead with AA augmented testing. Like I want to show you how we go beyond the traditional testing because this is the right time, I think, for that. So let's start from the beginning. How, what was our problem in our project, in data AI projects?First of all, it was metrics project that our pain was big repo of the application, which was developed for a couple of years. The people who developed it does not work anymore, so we don't have anybody to ask about. And for example, when we wereasking Copilot to describe something from such big repository than Copilot just gave up and very often the responses from Copilot are.I don't know, or they don't do nothing, and also we, like, we have right now three projects and one on 4 projects and one under maintenance, so me and Pauli are having lots of things to do right with automated.Test, so we needed somebody also to do like the proper review or design tests, or right now we started even making automated API tests, so we need some help.And that's why we started looking to...AI augmented testing. Right now we use...our co-pilot, also with our custom created BOT agent as Revalor. We also use BOT to create end-to-end or API automated tests.We work basically on the artifacts from backend repository, not raw code, because Copilot on raw codes works.Sometimes good, sometimes bad. It uses lots of context. It's very often hallucinates. And we decided that we need something, some system, for example, like what works like cloud codecs or GPT codecs. And then...We started making our own.Tool, which is called Alf, but that will be I will say about that in the next slides. So, why our approach works because using this combination like Bob Alf, we use less context.The AI is guessing less things, more consistent answers and reviews of PRs, of questions when you want to interact with the repository, the quicker test design, code refactor, and better edge cases coverage based on repository artifacts.And what is our stack? For daily work, we use co-pilot. For PR reviews, creation or creating tests, we use also Bob. For the structured knowledge layer, we use Alph. So it looks like this. We haverepository of is implemented into the repository it creates the whole documentation about aboutBasically, about the whole project, then AI can interact with it, and we do our proper work, test scenarios, designing tests, et cetera, so...What is of?The problem was that when you interact with Alf, when you interact basically with Copilot for the whole repository, AI scans the repository from scratch. And every time you get, you ask, it gives you the different answers very often it tells us at night.The solution was that I've created the structure artifact layer. It maps the whole repository, checks the technicalities, creates endpoint map, API documentation, event handlers, validation rules, all designs of the endpoints, basically of the whole backend.And...That was the Alpha 1.2.0, which actually we are using right now. It's evolved from documentation generator to artifact driven system. So basically, as I mentioned, this is the pipeline which maps the whole repository. It structures everything to theproper artifact, splits, ends points, even handlers to batches to not overkill the co-pilot. And then when everything is structured properly, then we do the canonical merge and we create like documentation of the whole.repository which we can on which copilot is basic when we create test or ask any questions regarding the repository of 3.0 which may be in the next maybe near future might be used by you.It's in the developments. I'm making it more simple than it was when I used it. But I will let you know when it will be ready.And the second agent which we use for daily work is Bob. We use it in, basically we can use it in CLI or we can use it in basically GitHub strictly. It's really good catches, flaky tests.and for strong assertions, finds the things which, for example, with the code quality, which often does not appear and validates everything and pushes for very reusable and structured code. It's brutal, consistent, and very often.I'm surprised what it shows what I supposed to fix in my test, but very often it also shows something better, but we need to verify it. That's why we are here. We don't give everything to AI. But what is the QA impact?Before, we do everything manual, read the code, analyze everything. We had sometimes inconsistent tests, missing edge cases, because for example, we don't understand something from the code. We don't have anybody to ask. But after that, we have artifacts-driven test design, consistent coverage.faster pull request review, stronger API validation. With those basically artifacts, you can start also making security security scans. And basically what isIn my opinion, AI augmented QA, it's not about the tools. It's all about how you structure your knowledge, how you design your workflow in the project or in organization, how you control the context, which in case of Copilot, it's the most important thing, and how you increase the...your productivity, better input it, better AI, better QA. Never, never, I will never be about that. AI will replace us, but let's go to.Let me just check the if this is right. No, this is right.Okay, this is an example of our repository, application for proposals. So this is our...Kostiantyn Teltov   9:28Wojciech, could you please make it a little bit bigger, like scale, scale, its control plus on your.Wojciech Szymaniec   9:31Yes.Yes.Yeah, this is Aura. Can you see it?Kostiantyn Teltov   9:39Yes, yes, now it's good. Thanks A lot.Wojciech Szymaniec   9:41OK, this is our custom custom agent which we run into the backend repository. Its specification contains what it should do, how it should match, if the endpoints are certain.Notified, even handlers, etcetera, and this is basically the clue of it, that it's artifact first workflow, so it works like these, where are the dogs? Here are the dogs, so...It creates first repo doc profile. So it matches everything, what is there, what the documents are, what files we have in the repository. And this is like, let's say, metadata for the first run. Then it createsit creates endpoint map and map all the endpoints which we have. And based on that file, I'll split it into batches to not overkill Copilot when it will analyze the repository and create.The proper, the proper documentation of the of the endpoints, then it goes with the batches. Each batch contains...endpoint ID, type of method, the whole description, what header requires, what not, what are, what is the processing flow, possible contracts, contract answers, side effects, and when we have it done, then we do a canonical.merge and we have the final documentation of the endpoints because as you might know in projects we don't often have swagger, we don't have often open API, we don't have documentation. So this is the reason why.We created that, and when we have the API and event handlers, we do the basically the system overview, how it works, what is the text tag, and this is basically for Copilot to interact.Uh...Kostiantyn Teltov   12:12I have a question here, sorry, like potentially can it as an example draw dependencies? Like in order, in some cases in order to call some API, yes, we need to prepare some data, like to create some organization, some resource, I don't know how to prepare. So does it show this kind of dependencies or?Wojciech Szymaniec   12:12Besides that, yeah.If this, if this is in basically in the repository in the code, yes, if this is in Azure somewhere, it might be tricky, but if is it if this is code, I think yes.Kostiantyn Teltov   12:38Okay.Ohh.Okay, nice, nice. That's nice.Wojciech Szymaniec   12:49Also, we do testability metrics. What is testable right now, what is blocked, why this is blocked. It also, for example, you know, when I was creating the first API test,We didn't know that from the documentation, we didn't know that from basically from Swagger, but endpoint basically the auth in the project was also accepting user ID in the header, and there was a...case that without the token we could with user ID or use the endpoints. And it appears that not authenticated users can basically use the endpoints. So we found with that documentation security vulnerability which was.Never found by, for example, Sonam.And basically, when we have all the documents created, the last steps are validations. We do the validations of the endpoints. We check if it matches basically the repository. But the whole flow of the ALF is.based on work on artifacts to use less tokens and do the proper documentation without hallucinating. If we do like endpoint map, let's say we do like big overview of the system based on the repository, we do endpoint map later based on the code we do.the endpoint batches. To be honest, that case used about 30% of, sorry, 40% of my tokens for premium token for Copilot. And when we based on the artifacts, it used 8% of the whole tokens.So, basically, it do the goods, it do goods documentation, and when I compared it with how many, how what is the percentage of truth in these documents with the actual repository, it was on the percent of.92, 94% it's matching.Pauli Petäjämäki   15:23Yeah, I think this, depending on the size, this is mandatory to have this like more strict way to have it because first time when Wojciech was running these things, it with metrics, it got stuck because it's so huge. So it's impossible to do with the whole thing, like the AI stuff.Wojciech Szymaniec   15:23So.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Basically, these are the prompts which are used using using this tool via CLI. Basically, in the it works like this, that's let me go to the project.Basically, I selected.I selected nothing. Basically, you run you run a pilot in your in your PowerShell, you paste you paste the prompt, so it catches error catches the right skill, it the right file.And what is the call? So all the time we use the golden rule of prompt. And the goal is basically work under artifacts. And when you look at the skills, which basically the agent are using, it's like combination of the workflow and.Prompt, and this way for our two that all was really good. It took some time because, for example, the whole documentation for the big project, which is like metrics backend, it took about three or four hours to do all the stuff, but...Let me show you one thing.Kostiantyn Teltov   17:15By the way, agent tasks, that's skills here. I see you use YAML file, like not MD.Wojciech Szymaniec   17:21Yes, these are no, these are this is hybrid approach. This is like this, let's say, skill connected with the with the task.Kostiantyn Teltov   17:24Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   17:33Some some hybrid approach.Kostiantyn Teltov   17:33Okay.Yes.OK, I just didn't know about this approach, so, like, I know, like, you know, this skills, like, like, regular, like, it's a skills folder with, like, and it's very interesting to hear how it works, like, conceptually.Wojciech Szymaniec   17:44Yes.Yeah, because for example, when we, when we, when I wanted to use firstly skills, the first version of the skills were like you said, those little skills. But then I realized that the AI, when it analyzed everything, it has too much power and too less control.Kostiantyn Teltov   17:56Mhm.Uh-huh.Wojciech Szymaniec   18:09So it hallucinates A lot, but when we do something like this, like this is workload first to this.Kostiantyn Teltov   18:10Mhm.Mhm.Wojciech Szymaniec   18:17Do this, do this, and step by step, then it follows the right approach.And it left.Kostiantyn Teltov   18:25Okay, but it's technically skill might contain references also. Like, I just want to make it like, you know, like conversation here because it's very interesting to find the best approach to all of us.Wojciech Szymaniec   18:30Yes.Yes. For example, for this documentation, I find this approach to be the best. But in the R3.0, I basically, these validation things are not being done by the AI. The final, the final validationKostiantyn Teltov   18:43Mhm.Okay.Mhm.Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   18:58is being done by the AI. For example, it validates, it checks the final validation report and fix what needs to be fixed.Kostiantyn Teltov   19:05Uh-huh.Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   19:09Yeah, so this is basically how the skills are looking. And let me go to the to our conference. I will send in the chat is also, but to give you an example.Let me go here.This.Can you see it?Kostiantyn Teltov   19:34By the way, did you connect with Atlassian via MCP or you created your own MCP? Because I'm asking because now we actually requesting access to Atlassian MCP. So we are wondering if, okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   19:47No.No, no, I didn't do that yet without version NCP. Basically, these are the answers which we use Copilot strictly in the GitHub repository.Kostiantyn Teltov   19:56Okay.Okay, got it. Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   20:00Yeah, in that case, for example, when we asked when the context was the whole whole backend repo, I did this question and the answer for 11 times was this.It takes lots of token, but because the context was too big. And when it was a repository, but with basically the documentation which I've created, then it started giving different answers.Kostiantyn Teltov   20:14Okay.Uh-huh.Mhm.Yeah.Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   20:34Yeah, so we need that such tool for have knowledge and quick interactions with the code when the people are already not in the Metso. So this is the size of this repository.So we had 243 endpoints, 16 Azure Azure functions, so it's total 259.endpoints. So in that case, Copilot loses context all the time. And based with that documentation, we finally did some good testing on the backend.And one more thing, I will show you also our BOT.Kostiantyn Teltov   21:24Nice name.Wojciech Szymaniec   21:26Yes, this is our.Kostiantyn Teltov   21:28Why? Alf, I understand Alf, but why Bob? What is Bob like? What is the reference? Is it like this like cartoon or?Wojciech Szymaniec   21:33Ugh.Our boss basically did a Bob as a reviewer and we just took this name also. So basically this is our Bob.Kostiantyn Teltov   21:43Okay.Okay.Can you get it?Uh-huh.Wojciech Szymaniec   21:51It has basically the skills which are available here. Gen AI application testing, playwright API testing, what it should do, what it shouldn't, what docs it should use from the alph.Kostiantyn Teltov   21:57Uh-huh.OG.Wojciech Szymaniec   22:10and also for PR review. And basically we can use it in the CLI, but we usually use BOT.Kostiantyn Teltov   22:10Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   22:21Basically.in our repository to make.A reveal here.For example, you select repo, better not select repo, but select, for example, your branch, select agents, and then do the proper review. And basically, it's quite good.Pauli Petäjämäki   22:46Actually, it's good, not quite. It, it, it, it has, it has like found some real issues.Wojciech Szymaniec   22:48Yeah.Kostiantyn Teltov   22:48What?Did you think about some agentic workflow, like, you know, to do it automatically as an example? We don't have it. I'm just asking because it might be like a very good idea. Yeah.Wojciech Szymaniec   23:03We were thinking about it, but first we need to have a big discussion with the guys regarding security because it connects to the MCP servers and it might be tricky because to configure it, it requires some tokens, some external path tokens.Kostiantyn Teltov   23:13Uh-huh.Yeah, sure.Pauli Petäjämäki   23:21Yeah, so we have a like a human automatic, so you need to do it. We demand it from each other, yeah.Wojciech Szymaniec   23:25Yes.But one thing what you can basically use for daily is basically use Copilot as your reviewer.Kostiantyn Teltov   23:36Yeah, we do it. We already do it for all the projects, so it's part.Wojciech Szymaniec   23:39Yes, yes, that's good. That's good.Kostiantyn Teltov   23:43I also sent in the chat, I don't know, it might be considerate like, I don't know who I should send you, yes, but if you are like data AI team, so this is kind of token optimizer.Wojciech Szymaniec   23:57Okay.Kostiantyn Teltov   23:57Project, I don't know if we can, and for now of course we cannot use it in Metso, but like you as a team who actually like in front of it, so I don't know my it might be researched. That's just like an idea. I I don't know like if we can do it, but let's see.Wojciech Szymaniec   24:09Ohh.Call, call.Yeah, my perspective.Kostiantyn Teltov   24:15I mean, we have, you know, a lot of restrictions in Metso.Wojciech Szymaniec   24:18Yes, that's why the basically did that was the reason why we created Bob and Alf.Kostiantyn Teltov   24:22Oh.I, I have a question here about, like, it yes, like, let's imagine we are interested in this, are actually interested in both agents. Will it be like easy to adapt it to our projects or like it will require, I mean, some effort like to do, because maybe it's a different structural? Yes, let's imagine we would like to...Wojciech Szymaniec   24:47Because people.Kostiantyn Teltov   24:48bring this analyzer of API to Geminex and I believe that might be very good idea because I see like it might help A lot. So how we can do it like.Wojciech Szymaniec   24:50Yeah, just start learning.Yeah.I was sent in the chat. I was sent in the chat like the file.Kostiantyn Teltov   25:06Mhm.Wojciech Szymaniec   25:07Ohh.With all of two dot O.Kostiantyn Teltov   25:12Mhm.Wojciech Szymaniec   25:14And basically, it is the complete ALF with prompts which you should do and instruction what you have to do to have GitHub CLI, but you have GitHub CLI. So basically, you need to copy it. Let me just go to the ALF.Kostiantyn Teltov   25:22Okay.Yes.Wojciech Szymaniec   25:35Wait a second, let me open this one.You just need to copy paste it to your to your document to your basic repository. This is the agent, yeah, you can.Kostiantyn Teltov   25:45Arttu.Or to user, to user, yes, it can be also configured on user level, not only on workspace.Wojciech Szymaniec   25:52Yes.Yes.Kostiantyn Teltov   25:55Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   25:57And then you need to create this documentation structure at this at the mind level to the whole repository, doc, batches, API events, etc. And then basically runKostiantyn Teltov   26:04Mhm.Uh-huh.Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   26:17each prompt one by one.Kostiantyn Teltov   26:21Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   26:23It may ask, you know, for the permissions to create document or read documents. You need to allow it. It takes for at the beginning some time to create this documentation, but after and then also you need to verify these docs if this is real or not. If this is true, because maybe on the Geminex, if you will hallucinate more.Kostiantyn Teltov   26:30Mmh.Wojciech Szymaniec   26:46Bugs.Kostiantyn Teltov   26:46Mhm.Wojciech Szymaniec   26:48Please try it.Kostiantyn Teltov   26:49Sounds sounds funny, Geminex, more like, you know, it can be like some phrase.Wojciech Szymaniec   26:56Yes.But overall, in our approach, it looks like this, how we use AI.Kostiantyn Teltov   27:04Yeah, nice. I believe, like, we don't need to redesign actually a new will. Yes, like, we might use it. I mean, for me, it's interesting to test it on Geminex repo, and that might be something we will discuss with Marcin. He is not here now, but anyway.Wojciech Szymaniec   27:17Yes.Yeah.Basically, I will show you also this. This is the test of the big endpoint of deleting projects, which actually creates Bob based on documentation and the existing tests.Kostiantyn Teltov   27:32Mm-hmm.I already see mistakes in assertion, but anyway.Wojciech Szymaniec   27:41Yeah, I didn't check it yet, but it did the scratches from, I don't know, 3 minutes.Kostiantyn Teltov   27:48No, no, it's good. I mean, that's nice, just need to verify. I'm just thinking we can sync this job like of test. I mean, it would be nice to create like some kind of standardized way for test creation because, I mean, maybe we shouldn't, I don't know, but it might be good if we like, you know, we will do like it's like similar because in my case, I can show...Wojciech Szymaniec   27:52Yes.Thanks.Okay.Yeah.Okay.Kostiantyn Teltov   28:27So, like, idea looks good, like, you know, to to standardize and to to to generate tests based on this like prompts, so...Wojciech Szymaniec   28:34Yes, because in my belief, I create the draft of the test and then you polish it.Kostiantyn Teltov   28:42Mm.Yes, true.Wojciech Szymaniec   28:44It saves lots of time.Kostiantyn Teltov   28:46Yeah, true. Today on meeting, I already saved a lot of time, did it.Wojciech Szymaniec   28:52Yeah.Nadiia, this is the way how we do it.Kostiantyn Teltov   28:58Okay, nice. Actually, you are far a little bit from us, but anyway, it's nice you are sharing this knowledge.I mean, do you want to present something also? I can share my screen. Okay. Okay. From our side, what we can actually propose for thinking, yes, like we also play a lot with agents and with skills. So first of all,Wojciech Szymaniec   29:11No, no, okay, sir.Kostiantyn Teltov   29:27we have a different scope of skills, like it's not here. I have a specific project, but in general. So for Geminex as an example, I move with this skill like for Snider generator. Basically, that's something similar you have, but as you may see structure, like I said, it's a skill.Wojciech Szymaniec   29:35No.Emilia.Kostiantyn Teltov   29:47with some templates, because I would like to generate scenarios on different levels and some scripts, yes, and configurations. How scenario look in the end, it looks like this, so it put it to requirements.And some, this is API scenario generation, that's important. And it put it here. So the idea is like in the future, we might want to actually also put it to our confluence pages, if you will have this MCP Atlassian server or like.If it will be restricted, we can create our own MCP. So we might also update confluence pages. Yes, in the past, we had like this. It was created manually almost, but like in the future, we should not do it manually.And yeah, scenarios will look like this. So here, as you may see, we have some scenario, we have like some description, we have some expected results, expected status code, and recommended test layer. So we don't need to create all scenarios of an end-to-end testing layer. So of course, we would like to make sure like we cover it everything, but on different layers. As an example, here we have.only a few scenarios for end-to-end testing layer. Also, we experimenting with agents. Of course, it's not so big as yours. So what as an example here.we have more actions, skills, like skills for automatic PR creation, pushing, and it can be used like as orchestrator here. And we also have three skills for unit test generation. We just started to test it. First is analyst.Like, it analyzes results and it analyzes actually classes and try to understand what to do, then it's test architect skill and coder skill itself, so it it's split in order to not have a lot of context for one skill, just like you know.To put results from one to another and continue work, and in order to orchestrate the skills, we've created an agent called Unit Test Generator here, so I believe my...My screen is also small, so, and here you can choose it, and if you like just go like generate a specify class name, yes, it will follow all of this skills and try to generate, try to generate like unit tests.To you.There are much more of actually skills we have and we still think about agentic workflows. And the idea is it would be nice like to think the best things you've done and the best things we've done because as an example.Well, it might be something missing in, yeah, our boss like approaches. Yes, as an example, in my approach, I...telling exactly, okay, what design strategy to use for this test, like to use as an example, some of black box test techniques like equivalence, partition, boundary reverse analysis, and those examples. AndIn such case, we can cover a lot of negative scenarios that usually actually not covered by a lot of developers.Yeah, and I guess that's all. So for now, we also thinking about agentic workflows. This is an example we discussed with Alexei, possibility to automatically actually review code bases andsee if there is like small coverage of unit tests, it will automatically probably create this unit test and create a PR for us. But that's also the question, like that's something we can discuss.Um, I don't know.Um, by the way.Wojciech do do you use this? What's called Skills SH repository for like some ideas? Do you know about it or not?Wojciech Szymaniec   34:32No, not to be honest. Okay, good.Kostiantyn Teltov   34:33Okay, I will drop off.Okay, I will drop it here also because I will explain. You should be of course careful, you know, about external skills, but good sync, good sync is like there is security audit they have like and they warn if something is like wrong as an example here.Wojciech Szymaniec   34:45Yes.Kostiantyn Teltov   34:56There is like third party exposed detected. In some cases, it might have some links to actually to some like, you know, external repositories. And you see here is an example, it failed. So you can see why it failed. Insecure credentials, blah, blah, blah.Wojciech Szymaniec   35:11Play this.Anything else?Kostiantyn Teltov   35:16So.I mean, I usually like, you know, do not install the skills, but if I would like to create something, I usually check, okay, maybe something exists and I can get some ideas from this like skills SH. And yeah, it might be useful in the future.Wojciech Szymaniec   35:19Yeah, yeah.One.Goodbye.Bing.No, no.Also check one page. It is called Awesome Copilot GitHub. Basically, this is official Copilot library with agents and skills.Kostiantyn Teltov   35:46Us.Some, ah, do you mean like, ah, yeah, I know, I know, like, I got it, what do you mean?Wojciech Szymaniec   35:57Yeah.Kostiantyn Teltov   35:58Awesome.Go pilot.Yeah, that's nice.That's actually something we can also add to our knowledge.Wojciech Szymaniec   36:08It's in the chat. You have a link. Yeah.Kostiantyn Teltov   36:10Ah, okay, you already, okay, nice.Guys, like we just showing mostly like watching Wojciech showing a lot of stuff here. What do you think in general about it? So, do some of you use something like that, or like plan to use like, you know, just interesting?Wojciech Szymaniec   36:33And, about, about.Kostiantyn Teltov   36:34What's your ideas, opinions about it?Wojciech Szymaniec   36:39No, no problem.Kostiantyn Teltov   36:45Klaudiusz, what do you think?Wojciech Szymaniec   36:45Thank you.No, no.Kostiantyn Teltov   36:47I know you want to say something.Klaudiusz Serafin   36:51Hello. Well, I'm thinking about creating custom agents for our project, but we were lacking resources. Now we have Egor, so after his onboarding, we'll start work on it. Already on a very basic level, started to create some skills, some agents.Wojciech Szymaniec   36:54That's because the women want to be informed.Kostiantyn Teltov   37:02Okay.Wojciech Szymaniec   37:05And you can talk to them.Team.Kostiantyn Teltov   37:11Uh-huh.Klaudiusz Serafin   37:11But this is not something that I'd like to show you guys, because it's, yeah, yeah, yeah, but all that Wojciech showed us is very impressive, impressive, yeah.Wojciech Szymaniec   37:12Thank you.Ilia.Kostiantyn Teltov   37:16That's OK.Wojciech Szymaniec   37:17So, I think, if you're using the...It.Kostiantyn Teltov   37:27Yeah, I mean, once more, like Wojciech actually highlighted it multiple times. Anyway, we need to verify results. So that's important because like sometimes it might create something that doesn't work just. But I believe with experience of data AI team, they showed a lot actually today.Wojciech Szymaniec   37:30Yeah.Why?Something.Kostiantyn Teltov   37:49I like as an example, they use this kind of, how do you call it? You called it artifacts, artifacts, yes, like, yeah, like it looks nice, like that's something, as an example, I didn't know it for me, it was like kind of something new and.Wojciech Szymaniec   37:51I think the question is completely...What the?You mean about us?Artifact let flow, yeah.Kostiantyn Teltov   38:11It looks nice, we might also like...Wojciech Szymaniec   38:14That is something basically what is not very popular because it is complex to do.Kostiantyn Teltov   38:14No, no.Uh-huh.Yeah, true.Uh-huh.Yeah.Wojciech Szymaniec   38:30runtime or we'll have it like defined the proper way. What I'm doing right now, it can be repetitively and you will just run command of pipeline and that's it.Kostiantyn Teltov   38:33Uh-huh.Uh-huh.Uh-huh.Okay.Pauli Petäjämäki   38:43Yeah, but basically I don't understand how, how would we have like, can you see like, would we have like received any results without it?Actually, I mean, yeah, without like making those step by step approaches with the artifacts. So if you would have just tried to do with the AI directly and the skills.Wojciech Szymaniec   38:53Without.Hmm, I think it would be more, more time consuming. It will be, it would be doable, yeah.Pauli Petäjämäki   39:09Yeah, yeah, and the and the and the talk, yeah, but the talk and stuff is also like the other other thing, so...Wojciech Szymaniec   39:14Yes, I tried firstly without, for example, this artifact to create, for example, or find knowledge about, for example, endpoints and to write automated tests and it takes lots of, or end to end testing lots of tokens. And due to theour efficiency and token usages. I think with Alf it's more efficient approach, basically based on artifacts, yeah.Pauli Petäjämäki   39:41Yeah, yeah, and most more, in my opinion, more structured, so you avoid the unnecessary hallucinations.Kostiantyn Teltov   39:49Ohh.Wojciech Szymaniec   39:49Yes.Because basically the Copilot, it's not like the Cloud Codex, which basically it's brilliant for, for example, for unit test, for API tests, and that's really good, but Copilot does not work that way. It's content dependent.And if you have the really, really good context, which is not too big, it works brilliant. And in our approach, it's work smooth.Kostiantyn Teltov   40:20Mhm.By the way, did you hear something about some other AI tools like cursor and traffic? Like, is it something like discussed in the company now?Wojciech Szymaniec   40:33No, not yet.Kostiantyn Teltov   40:34OK, got it.Probably you just don't know, okay.Ahh.Guys, anything else to discuss? Like, it's a chance to ask the questions, like...Wojciech Szymaniec   40:53I.The.Kostiantyn Teltov   40:56Okay.I believe then we can finish. First of all, Igor are welcome to QR Guild. It's fully volunteered sync and like you should not like visit if you if you don't want, but of course we recommend to visit it because we are syncing here and do a lot of like stuff trying to.to make like progress together.If you will believe, okay, there are something you can share, we also...It'd be nice, like, actually, if, if, if you can do it, yes, if anyone can do it, so if you have some topics, just remind you, you can share it, and yeah, we can be everyone like on the same page, so...To use the best practices.Thanks a lot, Wojciech, for all of the stuff you showed to us, and yeah, see you guys. Have a great day.Wojciech Szymaniec   41:49Yes, hello.You're welcome.Kostiantyn Teltov   41:53Team.Egor Timokhov   41:53Thank you.Wojciech Szymaniec   41:54Do you?Kostiantyn Teltov   41:54Bye. Hey, bye.Joanna Onak   41:55Thank you.Yaroslav Yarovyi   41:55Thank you.Klaudiusz Serafin   41:58Bye.Kostiantyn Teltov stopped transcription
